# weather-api
Implement a RESTful API that exposes a SOAP web service

The Weather API provides access to weather information for major cities per country.

The API provides two endpoints

- GET http://localhost:8081/api/cities?country=Australia which displays all the major cities in a country (in this case Australia)
- GET http://localhost:8081/api/cities/Melbourne/weather?country=Australia which displays weather information for a selected city

The country query parameter on the second endpoint is used to ensure only one city is returned in case there are multiple cities with the same name 
in different countries.

The application uses the SOAP webservice mock provided with the challenge (node server running locally).
The WSDL can be found in the config.yaml file: http://localhost:8080/GlobalWeather?wsdl

API design 

The second endpoint displaying weather per city would normally use a unique ID as URI parameter but since the SOAP web service did not provide one, the name of the city was used instead. For cities that include spaces in the name the URL has to be encoded. 

Hypermedia links have been included in the API design in order to meet the REST maturity model. Thus, each city listed as part of the response for the first endpoint (GET /api/cities?country=Australia) will include a link to the second endpoint that displays the weather per city. This link is particularly useful to the user when dealing with city names that have spaces and require URL encoding - the link is already properly formatted.

The API was designed using RAML and published to Anypoint Exchange which provided mocking and documentation capabilities. The API was published to the Exchange public portal in order to provide access to external users (link provided in email)

API implementation

There are three main flows as part of the implementation:
- weather-api flow which contains the flows and exception handling generated by APIKIt based on the RAML
- implementation flow which implements the two API endpoints 
- global flow which has all global elements configurations and the global exception handler

MUnits have been created to test both successful scenarios as well as exception uses cases and error handling.
